feat(Apple): Troubleshooting for app not symbolicated (#7295)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/troubleshooting.mdx

Sentry writes and reads files at a specific path in the app cache directory. This path is created during the SDK initialization.
If you see a log message that looks like this: `[SentryFileManager:439] Failed to write data to path` it means that the cache path doesn't exist anymore.
Check your app for any procedure that cleans the cache of your app during runtime, and avoid deleting the `io.sentry` directory.

> ## My app is not symbolicated

Reviewer: I think the header should clearly state: only when using App Store Connect.
```suggestion
## My app is not symbolicated and I use App Store Connect
```

> If your stacktrace is is not symbolicated and you are using App Store Connect as a repository for your symbols, try manually uploading the symbols by following the [documentation](/platforms/apple/dsym/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use our App Store Connect integration for uploading the debug symbols to Sentry and your stacktrace is not symbolicated, try a different way of uploading the debug symbols by following the [documentation](/platforms/apple/dsym/).
```

> We are currently investigating why Apple does not provide debug symbols for some apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a problem with uploading the debug symbols with our App Store Connect integration. We are currently investigating this issue.
```
